Improving Modes of Variability recipe (#1078)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/recipes/recipe_modes_of_variability.rst

Diagnostics are stored in diag_scripts/magic_bsc/

> * WeatherRegime.r - function for computing the EOFs and k-means and hierarchicalclusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* WeatherRegime.r - function for computing the EOFs and k-means and hierarchical clusters.
```

   * end_historical: end date (YYYY-MM-DD) of the reference dataset to be used (please make sure this matches the available data)
   * start_projection: start date (YYYY-MM-DD) of the projection dataset to be used (please make sure this matches the available data)
   * end_projection: end date (YYYY-MM-DD) of the projection dataset to be used (please make sure this matches the available data)

>    * plot type: rectangular or polar

Reviewer: 'polar' is 'Polar' in the diagnostic script, so this will not work:
https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/blob/1b792826d74fdbb84c39c0d785c2ec3b74082283/esmvaltool/diag_scripts/magic_bsc/weather_regime.r#L279

Author: corrected

Reviewer: Did you upload the changes? I don't see them

   * ncenters: number of centers to be computed by the clustering algorithm (maximum 4)

>    * method: k-means or hierarchical clustering 

Reviewer: This is called `cluster_method` in the code and moreover it is `kmeans` instead of `k-means`, so this wlil not work at all:
https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/blob/1b792826d74fdbb84c39c0d785c2ec3b74082283/esmvaltool/diag_scripts/magic_bsc/weather_regime.r#L80-L82

Reviewer: This is not solved yet either.
